on a portable power bank Wireless ap SD
card and USB reader for your mobile
devices check the link in the video
description to learn more about the a
data - drive air AE 400 welcome to my
unboxing and overview of whoa what that
Gandia s-- who's even heard of that
before the answer is probably not you
because they are a brand-new gaming
peripheral company and usually when you
know some random gaming peripheral
company reaches out to me and says hey
we'd like you to check out our products
I kind of look at their website and I'm
just like oh really I don't know what
you bring to the table but in this case
they've actually innovated which is
pretty cool so there are like I said
brand-new company that has brought some
interesting things to the table with the
Hermes mechanical gaming keyboard so
first and foremost it's a mechanical
gaming keyboard which of course you've
seen that before next up it is LED
backlight but if you check out their
packaging they hardly even make mention
of the LED backlighting because the sort
of sad simple truth is nobody cares
anymore because every gaming mechanical
keyboard is LED backlit so this
particular one uses a red LED backlight
okay so that's all fine and interesting
so let's go ahead and get this baby
opened up so this is where they really
got my attention because I ergonomically
there's not much that you can change
about the layout of a keyboard for
gaming without messing it up for typing
which is why companies like Razer have
introduced products like the orb-weaver
which is like a keyboard replacement for
gaming so Gandy is's edition of gaming
optimized keys hasn't managed to bump
the typing experience so we've still got
long shifts long enter' and long
backspace and then we've got a bank of
macro keys over here on the left hand
side it should be noted that while I'm
pointing at particular macro keys the
button the buttons are fully
reprogrammable on this keyboard you just
have to use the included software so
they've added five here and instead of
banks upon banks of them they've
actually added the other keys in places
that make a lot of sense to me so under
the spacebar is somewhere where you
actually conceivably reach and then
under the arrow keys if you use your
right hand on the arrow keys in your
left hand with your mouse you can
actually use that as jump and then
you've got a couple more functions right
here and then they've added a couple
more keys above the right and left arrow
keys which i think is really smart very
very cool
so the included chord is using a braided
design that might feel a little bit thin
and that might give it a bit of a sort
of cheap feel compared to some of the I
think thermal takes branding is
military-grade cable it's like this
thick around but I will I like the fact
that you can actually route it around
things and it's kind of difficult to do
when you have not only the keyboard plug
as well as a USB pass-through but also
to audio pass throughs for your
headphone and microphone as well so
let's go ahead and have a look at where
those go so there's your pass-through
USB port you'll usually plug your mouse
into there as well as your pass your
microphone and headphone ports the
overall build quality the keyboard feels
extremely solid especially considering
these guys are a newcomer so there's
really not much flex to it at all I'm
like wrenching on it in order to make it
flex that much you've got two little
feet down here that ah yes I haven't
seen this in a while I like this so you
can see the entire tops of these are
rubber that means that it is still
non-slip even when they are raised that
you have a higher inclination to the
keyboard love to see that that's one of
my personal little like things that I
like so so anyway you've got a ton of
function key implementation things on
here so for example your media keys are
accessible using function so right there
is your back and forward as well as play
pause mute volume down and volume up you
can also enable game mode which will
disable your Windows key and then
there's a whole bunch of other stuff
over here including brightness up and
brightness down so there are six
different brightness settings to this
keyboard so we're going to go ahead and
plug it in we'll be back in a moment a
few other things to talk about for the
hermès are the integration with your
system as well as with other Gambia's
peripherals so for example when you have
multiple peripherals you can actually
have them interact with each other and
as it detects supported peripherals that
kind of like gears up your little guy
within the software which is kind of
cool
but not as cool I think as the on screen
timers that you can enable now should be
noted that for any kind of serious
eSports competition having an on-screen
timer would not really be approved but
when you're sitting at home playing or
when you're practicing for example you
would certainly be able to use that
functionality and you can also set up
voice alerts which is kind of neat as
well so you could actually bind any key
you wanted to set up anytime where you
want it or any voice alert you wanted
and you could switch between them with
your profiles for example on the fly
which i think is incredibly cool so
they've managed to deviate from an all
black and red color scheme without it
looking gaudy so the gam Deus logo which
is actually Zeus if you look closely at
it which happens to be their gaming
mouse as well we'll be checking that out
soon is yellow but it contrasts nicely
with the rest of the keyboard and the
whole thing actually looks very very
good so the other function functionality
hahaha that you have is you can switch
between 1 to 10 gaming profiles up here
there's actually 512 kilobytes of
onboard memory that allows the keyboard
to save your onboard profiles although
you're going to want to set that up
probably using their Hera software
anyway you can also disable the
functionality of the keyboard like you
would on a laptop for example using this
one and then you've also got yes here on
the fly macro recording that is enabled
using the function and control key so
again that relies on the Hera software
in order to function correctly next up
you've got the cover oh yeah we get a
couple of Gambia stickers included not
that that's a page taken out of razors
playbook or SteelSeries I think they
also include them as well so the wrist
rest I think is a really high point for
this keyboard because if you're anything
like my wife you refuse to use anything
other than a steel series 7g not because
you particularly like Cherry MX black
switches or because you particularly
like the keyboard at all in fact the
layout has sort of a short backspace
which is terrible but you like a nice
big wrist rest the Gandhis has a huge
wrist rest on there Hermes keyboard and
it doubles as a keyboard cover so you
can go ahead and I think it goes like
that
maybe it's like that there we go feels
like something that's for sure there we
go
so you can cover up your keyboard just
like that which i think is very very
cool it's magnetic so getting it in
place is
a problem I just kind of put it close
and then it just snaps into place which
means there's nothing to break no little
like plastic things here or anything
like that I think this is one of the
smarter things that they've implemented
about this particular keyboard you can
switch between six key rollover and n
key rollover using the function key as
well so the advantage of n key rollover
is of course n key rollover you can
press as many keys as you want without
any ghosting or non-registered
keystrokes but it can make compatibility
with your motherboard a little bit more
difficult so you could switch to six key
rollover for the best possible
compatibility and n key rollover for the
best possible functionality which leads
us to the final thing this right here is
a blue cherry MX which I'm just going to
go ahead and turn off the the backlight
here so oh yeah I can show you the six
different backlight levels so it goes
all the way to bright this brightest
then off oh that's pulsating rather
sorry so let's go ahead and turn that
off that's kind of nice alright that is
a cherry MX blue switch with what
they're calling the gam Deus element
around it in effect this is sort of it's
it's like that's a damper down there
that what it does is it makes the key
bottom out a little bit earlier than it
otherwise would so gam Deus is claiming
this improves responsiveness by around
20% and can improve the well basically
yeah improves responsiveness and
shortens the keystroke travel I
personally don't like it I'm just going
to be completely upfront about that I
find that particularly with a cherry MX
blue I'm expecting it to bottom out and
it feels a little bit weird to me
however this is my initial reaction I
can't say for sure that I wouldn't get
used to it over a more extended period
of time it's definitely a much shorter
travel and if you hear the sound because
you're not bottoming out because you're
hitting that damper it has a similar
effect of something like an o-ring mod
but it even feels a little bit different
than that because you're really going up
against something that's under the
entire key rather than something that's
just on the the top of the key or the
bottom of the key cap itself so this is
the one thing that I'd say is kind of
different about this keyboard and I'll
leave it to the individual to decide
whether you want your cherry MX blues
messed with so to speak or whether you
prefer the more sort of vanilla cherry
MX blue experience it definitely makes
the key travel shorter so if that's what
you're looking for is Cherry MX blue
with a shorter travel then this might be
the one for you thank you for checking
out my unboxing an overview of the
Hermes from Gandia stop forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos don't forget to like this video
if you liked it or dislike it if you
disliked it one way or the other is just
fine and leave a comment letting me know
what you think
does Gama Diaz have a chance as a new
gaming peripheral company would you
consider it based on what you've seen so
slick actually pointed out a couple
things to me about this keyboard I know
the video was sort of done but we're
back number one is this is actually kind
of cool I didn't think of this but these
spots right here are aligned perfectly
with the slots behind them meaning that
you should be able to plug them in blind
fairly easily whether you're in the dark
or whether you just don't feel like
looking over your keyboard like this I
personally consider that very very handy
and definitely thumbs up for that next
up is that it looks like we could remove
the gam DS element quite easily if we
preferred a more a more sort of
traditional Cherry MX blue experience
see they come right out so there you go
once that's done we can definitely hear
the contrast between the two keys so
it's much louder and we can also see in
the key travel distance how much less
the Gandy is element 1 is so that's uh
that's very interesting this may
actually be like a pretty-pretty
ultimate grade keyboard especially if
you have the option of removing this
you